split all the following sentences, numbering the new sentences so that each new sentence is grammatically correct.

Example 1:

MAIN SCENARIO:
- The system validates the given date interval: the start date must be greater than or equal to today's date, and the end date must be greater than or equal to the start date. Moreover, the system verifies that the room type is not null and the number of adults is greater than 0. If the number of children is greater than 0, it checks if their ages have been specified.
- The system searches for the season configuration in the given interval. The system stores the reservation header containing the ID, date interval, reservation date, status, number of adults, number of children, fiscal code, total amount, and "special requests." The status of the new reservation is "Reserved.".  In addition, the system stores the booked room(s) for the given date interval, then saves the requested services for the selected room(s) and the children's ages.

MAIN SCENARIO:
1. The system validates the given date interval.
2. The start date must be greater than or equal to today's date.
3. The end date must be greater than or equal to the start date.
4. The system verifies that the room type is not null.
5. The number of adults must be greater than 0.
6. If the number of children is greater than 0, it checks if their ages have been specified.
7. The system searches for the season configuration in the given interval.
8. The system stores the reservation header containing various information.
9. The status of the new reservation is "Reserved".
10. The system stores the booked room(s) for the given date interval.
11. The system saves the requested services for the selected room(s).
12. The system saves the children's ages.

###

Example 2:

MAIN SCENARIO:
- C-Reg validates the data to ensure the proper formats and checks whether a Professor of that ID
already exists. If the entered data are valid, C-Reg creates a record for the new Professor.
- The system checks that: the surname and name fields contain at least two characters, the fiscal code field is valid, the date of birth is correct, the email address is valid and records the new customer in persistent storage.

Alternative flow no. 1:
2.a1. if data entered is not valid, C-Reg displays one or more error messages, for example:
‘Professor ID unknown’, Professor name already exists’, "Professor Data Invalid". The Registrar
can then change or correct the data.
2.a2. The flow of events resumes at step 2 of the MAIN SCENARIO.

Alternative flow no. 2:
2.b1. if data entered is not valid, C-Reg displays one or more error messages, for example:
‘Professor ID unknown’, Professor name already exists’, "Professor Data Invalid". The Registrar
can cancel the operation.
2.b2. The flow of events ends.

Exceptions:
- The system shows an error message stating that the provided data are not valid. The flow of events ends.

MAIN SCENARIO:
1. C-Reg validates the data to ensure proper formats.
2. C-Reg checks if a Professor with the same ID already exists.
3. If the entered data is valid, C-Reg creates a record for the new Professor.
4. The system checks that the surname and name fields contain at least two characters.
5. The system checks that the fiscal code field is valid.
6. The system checks that the date of birth is correct.
7. The system checks that the email address is valid.
8. The system records the new customer in persistent storage.

Alternative flow no. 1:
2.a1. if data entered is not valid, C-Reg displays one or more error messages, for example:
‘Professor ID unknown’, Professor name already exists’, "Professor Data Invalid".
2.a2. The Registrar can then change or correct the data.
2.a3. The flow of events resumes at step 2 of the MAIN SCENARIO.

Alternative flow no. 2:
2.b1. if data entered is not valid, C-Reg displays one or more error messages, for example:
‘Professor ID unknown’, Professor name already exists’, "Professor Data Invalid".
2.b2. The Registrar can cancel the operation. 
2.b3. The flow of events ends.

Exceptions:
9. The system shows an error message stating that the provided data are not valid. 
10. The flow of events ends.

###

